Bigass cave. The Ban Tuur know about it. They say it’s the Mother’s eye. You don’t poke Mother’s eye. They stay away from it because Mother sends awful gifts if you bother her; gifts of fire and rage and death. So they send in sacrifices from time to time to keep Mother happy, and they stay the heck away from there. It’s on the opposite side from the Magma Throne, surrounded by kilometers of scorched, useless land full of cinder and ash. Nothing has grown there in living memory.

Inside live fire elementals and myrmidon. The twisting passages are now dangerous due to volcanic activity. Lava, ashes, and pumice cover the cave, and the whole place smells of sulphur. There are scorched remains of other inhabitants before the elementals arrived. Apparently, they actually were born here. There could be a rift to the Fire Elemental Plane nearby. (It's right inside the volcano's crater).


A test of courage and bravery. Are you willing to risk your own life to get this thing? An arena (a dynamic one, where conditions change all the time: platforms, obelisks of stone, and cover that shift every round, hurtful elements that activate/deactivate/change every round, the floor itself shifts and changes, made of circles that can rotate clockwise/counterclockwise, ¼ ½ ¾ any given round). A number of creatures put in stasis for millennia. A demon, a draconic beast, an elemental, an undead, a monstrosity, a dinosaur. You choose one by stepping on a rune next to them. If they accidentally step on another rune while battling a creature, it will activate too. Not good at all. Instructions: if you surrender by stepping again on the same rune, the creature will return to stasis, which heals it back to 100%. You can rest and start again. But if you take the compass from its place and the doors close, you will not be able to open them again. 
The creatures have been bound by Arldir to that chamber. They cannot go out. 
Killing one of those creatures turns the rest to dust, and automatically opens the chamber in which lay the Holy Fucking Avenger. Dormant, for sure, but it is there. 
